Update app-go to use 5.0 Drivers (#33)
neo4j-graphacademy/courses: asciidoc/courses/app-go/modules/2-interacting/lessons/1-transactions/lesson.adoc

When you intend to read data from Neo4j, you should execute a **Read** Transaction.
In a clustered environment (including Neo4j Aura), read queries are distributed across the cluster.

> The session provides an `ExecuteRead()` function, which expects a single parameter, a function that represents the unit of work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The session provides an `ExecuteRead()` function, which expects at least two parameters, a `context.Context` and a function that represents the unit of work.
```

Author: This feels like the issue has been glossed over a bit.  Do we need to specify what the context is or where/how one is created?
